Congratulations on coming so far in this course.
We are going to be starting off a brand new section.
And this is going to be really cool.
You're going to be see how to be optimizing that back even further.
And this time, we're going to be seeing specific positions that we're going to be doing for the production.
Now, production is basically where you're going to be deploying it live so that your customers can
be using your application.
So what are the things that we're going to be seeing specific to the production build?
Well, a couple of things that you need to be seeing or hear.
First of all, we'll see the concept of pre shaking as well, assuming and these are quite interesting
concepts to again, reduce the size of the build because at the end of the day, we want to be making
our website faster.
Right.
Okay.
So the second part is the spreading of this uses do a separate phase as well as removing the dead export.
And this is going to be also very interesting to, again, further reduce your body size.
Finally, we are going to be seeing how can we be splitting the entire Web back on position itself into
environment specific configurations?
So we are going to be having different things that are going to be running when you are in the development
environment and when you're going to be building it for production.
Things are going to be slightly changing here.
So we are going to be seeing all of this in this section.
With that, let's take a short break and let's make our way back to the production grid.